My journey in Software Development has been a unique and transformative experience. In 2016, I embarked on my academic journey in Engineering school with an ambitious passion to change lives and solve the world's problems. However, the specific realm of expertise within this vast field eluded me. It wasn't until my Freshman year's Spring semester that I found myself in my first coding class, which ignited an immediate fascination.

Driven by this newfound passion, I made a pivotal decision to shift my major to Computer Science & Engineering. Over the next few years, I delved into the standard curriculum, mastering languages like Python and Java, and learning the vital concepts of Software Engineering. As my college journey progressed, the looming challenges began to feel overwhelming. By the end of my academic career, I faced the daunting task of entering the professional world with only one internship and a modest portfolio and the onset of the COVID pandemic further complicated my stress.

Experiencing burnout, I decided to chase one of my biggest passions, Craft Beer. Working in beer retail was an amazing experience, and it was a time where I really grew as a person. Despite the this line of work being a passion of mine, I still felt unfulfilled in a way I couldn't put my finger on. It was during this time that, on a whim, I returned to coding for leisure. The matured version of myself, having undergone substantial personal growth, found that the moment was a great opportunity to rekindle my love for Software Development.

Armed with newfound discipline, drive, and confidence, I reentered the world of programming. This time around, I possessed the resilience needed to navigate the challenges of job searching and troubleshooting errors without succumbing to distress. Since then, I have diligently worked towards establishing myself in the Software Development field. Along this journey, I have not only learned extensively but also created projects that I never thought I could do before. My commitment to continuous improvement propels me forward, and I am eager to grow in my newfound love for this work.